README.md, before:

BTS: Barcode Ticket System
==========================
_Copyright 2010-2013 Frederick Ding & Kirill Peretoltchine_

The BTS project aims to provide an efficient means of electronic event management, with barcoded tickets for quick sales and check-ins, licensed under the Apache License 2.0. 

This is the **server** component of BTS -- the PHP application that hosts the XML/JSON API and presents the administration interface. The **client** component is still currently on [a SourceForge Subversion repository](https://svn.code.sf.net/p/barcodetickets/code/).

### Licensing Notices

This product includes software developed by [Zend](http://www.zend.com/) and the [Zend Framework](http://framework.zend.com/) community.

This product includes code by [Toni Van de Voorde](http://www.devexp.eu/).

This product includes code by [Chuck Burgess](http://pear.php.net/user/ashnazg) and [Stephan Schmidt](http://pear.php.net/user/schst).

This product includes code by [Dean Edwards](http://code.google.com/p/ie7-js/).

This product includes code by [Jason Johnston](http://css3pie.com/).

This product includes code by Nicola Asuni and contributors of [the TCPDF project](http://www.tcpdf.org/).

Commit message:

Add Entypo font for web glyphs
- Also include license notices

README.md, after:

BTS: Barcode Ticket System
==========================
_Copyright 2010-2013 Frederick Ding & Kirill Peretoltchine_

The BTS project aims to provide an efficient means of electronic event management, with barcoded tickets for quick sales and check-ins, licensed under the Apache License 2.0. 

This is the **server** component of BTS -- the PHP application that hosts the XML/JSON API and presents the administration interface. The **client** component is still currently on [a SourceForge Subversion repository](https://svn.code.sf.net/p/barcodetickets/code/).

### Licensing Notices

This product includes software developed by [Zend](http://www.zend.com/) and the [Zend Framework](http://framework.zend.com/) community.

This product includes code by [Toni Van de Voorde](http://www.devexp.eu/).

This product includes code by [Chuck Burgess](http://pear.php.net/user/ashnazg) and [Stephan Schmidt](http://pear.php.net/user/schst).

This product includes code by [Dean Edwards](http://code.google.com/p/ie7-js/).

This product includes code by [Jason Johnston](http://css3pie.com/).

This product includes [Entypo pictograms by Daniel Bruce](http://www.entypo.com/).

This product includes code by Nicola Asuni and contributors of [the TCPDF project](http://www.tcpdf.org/).
